Deverill

Contracted to develop core administrative application for one of Deverill's clients, one the largest U.K. charities.  
The work covers all areas of the development cycle.
Key technologies are MSSQL Server and Sharepoint for data storage, MS Office applications and web technologies for User interface, SSRS for reporting. 

NETSCC

NETSCC manages the grant administration for clinical research in the UK. 
Panyc established a reporting bureau to manage requests from government and industry.
It also developed an application to manage data quality in its contact database.

Siemens
Develop a reporting service to manage quality of timesheet hours categorisation submitted by engineering consultants. 
Querying the SAP system and presenting output as an Excel workbook comprising sheet analysis and a summary aggregation.
Various associated reports also designed that enabled the company to recover as invoice-able many hours of work.   

Skandia
Software development of an internal application to manage the comparison of fund valuations as seen by company systems compared to those of fund managers.

Affinion

Designed, developed a Claims logging system for UK customer relations with bordereau reports automatically generated in Excel for various Underwriters.
Other analysis of benefit usage output as CSV files. 
Self validating and process driven system. 
Produced a rules based products system as a resource used by the Claims and Complaints systems to ensure only correct 
client/ product/ benefit matches can be selected thus ensuring correct data entry.



Cobham Group

Extensive work with many of the group companies in the UK and USA. Software development for Technical Document Management, 
full business system for managing repair and overhaul of commercial aircraft parts, rules based product configuration linked to bespoke quotation system.  

Hyperdoodle
Hyper-doodle is an Android phone/ tablet application that produces complex patterns very readily. 
It has a wide selection of settings so that user can have lots of fun. 
The development is in Android Java and C++.
There is a free and  a paid version, both are updated regularly. 
It is available on Google Play and the Samsung App Market, and has been well received.
