Deverill

Contracted to develop core administrative application for one of Deverill's clients, one the largest U.K. charities.  
The work covers all areas of the development cycle, from requirements gathering through to deployment and documentation.
Key technologies are MSSQL Server and Sharepoint for data storage, MS Office applications and web technologies for User interface, SSRS for reporting. 
The system is used by over 1000 staff members administering for over 10000 service users in over 100 separate programmes.

NETSCC

A major member of the National Institute for Health Research, NETSCC manages the grant administration for clinical research in the UK. 
Panyc contracted to design and implement a reporting bureau combining various work channels reports into a central process.
Requests for reports coming from House of Lords, House of Commons, Chief Medical officer and other important bodies, 
reports were designed to be technical yet clear to read.  Most reports being based on ICD10 classification coding for matching research trials.

Panyc was also asked to design and implement methods to improve data quality on contact data. 
It developed software and set in place methods to provide a continuous improvement loop for admin staff.
Regular reports checking many metrics monitoring progress along with lists of exceptions ready for correction.

Siemens
Develop a reporting service to manage quality of timesheet hours categorisation submitted by engineering consultants. 
Querying the SAP system and presenting output as an Excel workbook comprising sheet analysis and a summary aggregation.
Various associated reports also designed that enabled the company to recover as invoice-able many hours of work.   

Skandia
Software development of an internal application to manage the comparison of fund valuations as seen by company systems compared to those of fund managers.

Affinion

Designed, developed a Claims logging system for UK customer relations with bordereau reports automatically generated in Excel for various Underwriters.
Other analysis of benefit usage output as CSV files. 
Self validating and process driven system. 
Produced a rules based products system as a resource used by the Claims and Complaints systems to ensure only correct 
client/ product/ benefit matches can be selected thus ensuring correct data entry.



Cobham Group

Extensive work with many of the group companies in the UK and USA. Software development for Technical Document Management, 
full business system for managing repair and overhaul of commercial aircraft parts, rules based product configuration linked to bespoke quotation system.  

Hyperdoodle
Hyper-doodle is an Android phone/ tablet application that produces complex patterns very readily. 
It has various bespoke pens and geometries with pattern generation based on a mathematical algorithm devised by Panyc. 
Initially prototyped in Java on a PC, the development is in Android Java and C++.
Hyper-doodle is produced in a free (Hyper-doodle free) or paying version, both are updated regularly. 
It is available on Google Play and the Samsung App Market, and has been well received and attracted over 20000 downloads in 130 countries.
